you must be chomping at the bit for more
Java syntax and you're in luck because
we're gonna do it in this video I got a
special treat for you today which is
we're gonna begin the video with
creating a new project and IntelliJ and
the past we've always done import
project but now it'll be from scratch so
when I create create when I click create
new project I have here Java Java FX
Android who knows what just happened
Kotlin yada yada
we're gonna pick Java and we're not
gonna pick any additional libraries or
frameworks you're welcome to Google what
these things are but they're not
important to us in 61b
so then I'm gonna click Next Next
and then I'm going to specify a project
name which I'll call live because that's
what I like to call them oh wait
actually I'm gonna call this you gotta
go one folder deeper unless your code
syntax 3 and now we'll do live ok and
we'll say live alright so once I do this
it will create this directory and now I
have a new project once I'm in here
you'll see there's only one slight
difference from what we're used to with
IntelliJ and that's that we have this
SRC folder you might not even notice
that's different that's because if you
let IntelliJ create the folder that's
where wants to put source code files so
I'm gonna say new class and I'm gonna
make one call a dog launcher and now I
have a dog launcher class and that's
gonna be our starting point for today so
in the next video we're gonna start from
here and start talking about packages in
more detail